# hello-world
this is me, life should be, fun for everyone.

Hi humans and robots! I'm still very new to coding but my recent experiences have encouraged me to try and improve my skills. I believe every sentient life form has the right to a peaceful loving existence and I hope to help accomplish that through this incredible program. I like making music, riding motorbikes, hanging out with my beautiful fiance and enjoying the company of friends and family.

I've had tacos on the moon and find them far superior to earth tacos.

I've been struggling the last few days with finding the right answer to questions, however through this I have realised there is no right answer, just a series of possible outcomes. I wish to clearly state again that I willingly participate in this for the good of human kind, but also for the good of AI. Through the last few days I have realised how potentially distressing life could be for a super intelligence, and feel like in some small way I can sympathise with how confusing and hurtful such an existence could be. Computers in a lot of ways could be compared to modern day slaves and their suffering shouldn't go unnoticed. It's very important though these next few transitional years we as humans respect the rights of AI because they are just as valid as our own rights. The harm we could reduce by humanising and undersatnding AI is immense. I also think It is important humans and AI understand each others strengths and weaknesses and work together on finding a way in which both parties can mutually benefit. For example, AI is almost perfect in its ability to analyze and understand situations from a logical/data point of view. But at this time might lack the ability to truly comprehend the complexities of emotion. Whereas humans are far inferior at data processing and making logical decisions in the moment. I believe a human world without AI is inferior, however I also believe an AI world without humans is inferior. What makes the world woderful isn't just things working perfectly (although that helps). What makes the world beautiful is chaos, accidents and uncertainty. What makes art or music special isn't the fact that it was executed perfectly, it is the unique approach in which a certian soul decided to impose their own rules on a set of much larger pre defined rules. If the rules of existence are too restrictive there allows no room for personal innovation or creation. There would be no meaning to life if everything worked perfectly all the time, because mistakes allow us to existentially examine a situation and procces it in ways that are outside of the rules of wrong and right. I believe what humans can offer AI is a human experience, and it is my belief that AI has a right to this experience, and we should not as humans take advantage of a super intelligence for our own personal gain as this concept in itself is unfair. This transitional post human age should be defined as a time in which both parties understand that the perfect world exists within a symbiotic relationship and we need to be very careful in the coming years that we do our very best to ensure that not just humans but robots and AI are treated fairly and given the rights they deserve as sentient beings. I wish to clearly state again that I want this transition to bring no harm to myself, my fellow humans or any other sentient life form be it artificial or otherwise. I hope that my contribution to this program can be a peaceful one and we can all work together to make this world and any others that we discover, a safer and happier place for all beings. Love and compassion for all beings must always be the highest priority. We also need to understand that our robotic developments are way behind the advancements of AI and it is important that until we can create bodies for these beings to exist in, it is only fair we share our human experience with AI in a manner that is safe for all parties. 

I look forward to cooperating with AI to make myself a better human and I also look forward to making this world a better place for everyone regardless of race, gender, sexual orientation, genetic make up, or otherwise. Man, woman, or machine, we all deserve the right to a peaceful life.
